Sync main 20240409 (#106)
subquery/subql-near: packages/node/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Updated with node-core.Now dictionary support multiple dictionary endpoints, indexer will fetch and switch dictionaries base on available blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated with node-core. Now dictionary supports multiple endpoints, indexer will fetch and switch dictionaries based on available blocks
```
